[Music]
twelve things that are not used for what
they were meant for some genius
inventions were created by chance and
some were meant for absolutely different
purposes but were given a new life for
example do you like M&Ms well who
doesn't but are you sure it was invented
for kids with a sweet tooth perhaps you
also genuinely believe that umbrellas
have been invented to hide from the rain
if so you will be surprised while
watching this video we have found a few
things that were used very differently
in the past if at least one point is
news for you click the like button
number twelve beer man it is very likely
that most people use beer matched
regularly never giving a thought to the
origin of this thing
but do you know that this thing has a
name beer deckle this word of German
origin can be translated as beer top
this item was created in the 19th
century in restaurants with summer
terraces people covered their glasses
with this piece of cardboard to protect
the drink from insect
people later started to use beer decals
as drink coasters to protect the table
from dripping beer you see how the
priorities have changed by the way
several curious facts about beer decals
Carlsberg created the biggest beer mat
in the world its diameter was about 50
feet and it was 2.3 inches thick five
and a half billion beer decals are
produced in the world every single year
number 11 t nowadays many people can't
imagine a day without a cup of tea but a
long time ago in China tea was used as a
tonic drug what is more people mostly
chewed not drank it when tea finally
came to Europe it also became medicine
it was often used in cases of gout dr.
Cornelius Dekker claimed tea can help
those who have one leg in the grave
already he also claimed that it was
necessary to drink 50 cups of tea a day
and some people believe that he was well
paid by the East India Company
what do you think write to us in the
comments field below number 10 the
writing and reading system for the blind
in 1808 captain Charles Barbee a created
the night alphabet this was a special
system for the military that allowed
people to code messages and read them at
night it was important as any light
could have attracted the enemy's
attention the system had 12 dots in
different combinations and they
represented sounds barber he thought
that his invention could also be used by
blind people this was a good decision
and the night alphabet was more
comfortable than the Howey system that
was in use at that time Louie Braille
the inventor of the modern system of
writing and reading for the blind was
inspired by the Knight alphabet number
nine M&Ms candies surprisingly these
candies were created for the military
during World War two the plain chocolate
melted in the Sun but these candy coated
sweets didn't the candy entered the
mass-market
only at the end of the 1940s do you
remember their motto melts in your mouth
not in your hand this is why it was
created by the way did you know that
originally there were five different
colors of the candies violet red yellow
orange and green no blue no brown as for
the letter M it started to appear on
these sweets only in the 60s and even
ran into love differ
black not wife number eight balloon
animals this one may seem completely
weird but the idea of twisting balloons
into the figures of animals belongs to
the Aztecs they burned these figures on
top of their pyramids as a sacrifice to
their gods
to make such balloons they blew air into
the intestines of animals using the
bladder in particular and tied them with
threads made from plants sounds yucky
and evokes a logical question who would
want some blow such a balloon up number
seven umbrellas what is the first
Association that comes to your mind when
you hear the word umbrella that it is
the word rain but wait did you know that
umbrellas were previously used in Europe
and China for protection from the sun's
rays what is more this tradition can
also be traced in the names for an
umbrella in different languages zone Dec
canopy and parasol for the Sun the
Chinese were the first nation that used
something resembling modern umbrellas
for covering the carriages of the rulers
then the device became popular in Japan
and Korea later Europe started to import
umbrellas via the Silk Road at first
only women used this kind of protection
from the Sun actually umbrellas were
regarded as a symbol of femininity equal
to modern high heels that's why when in
1750 a man was seen on the streets of
London with an umbrella on a rainy day
the general public was shocked despite
the abuse Jonas Hanway
being an eccentric person kept using his
adult of his courage umbrellas became
the most popular protection from the
rain all over the world not
for women but men as well number six
puts different nations around the world
have some sort of hoods
however this detail of clothing became
famous thanks to the order of Friars
Minor Capuchin they also got their name
from the French name through hood Kapoor
Shaad the Capuchin friars used hoods to
hide their faces they didn't plan any
conspiracies or were afraid of being
recognized no the thing is but from the
point of view of symbolism this detail
meant apostasy and invisibility
number five kanya the wine of the
Shantay region started to sell poorly
after the Hundred Years War ended only
Dutch sailors who sailed to Northern
Europe bought this wine to sell at the
final destination however wine couldn't
stay fresh during such a long trip
somebody came up with the idea of
transporting distilled wine as it was
cheaper and easier to ship it had to be
mixed with water to get one however it
appeared that distilled wine became
tasty after it was kept in barrels made
of oak and it could also be drunk
without adding any water this is how con
yak appeared a curious fact the French
themselves aren't real fans of con yak
only approximately three percent of this
alcoholic beverage is drunk in France
the rest is exported mostly to Asia
eighty percent of the whole production
number four standard windows games who
doesn't know the legendary freecell
parts and minesweeper it seems like
those games were created for killing
time but don't hurry to the conclusion
in fact they were created with a
specific purpose at the beginning of the
1990s when the world had first seen
windows 3.0 many people didn't know how
to use a computer mouse freecell was
meant to teach people how to do it
correctly and minesweeper was created to
teach people to use the left and the
right buttons of mouse
who would guess number three a loop at
the back of a shirt do you also suffer
from this nagging question always at the
back of your mind
what is the purpose of the loop at the
back of a shirt there are three
plausible versions the first one is that
it was designed to hang a shirt on a
hook as you know not all people used to
have closets many decades ago
what is more shirts could be hung to dry
on a wire line or a rope with the help
of the loop the second version came from
the kindness of detachable collars and
neckerchiefs this loop is probably used
for a tangent of time the third version
is the most romantic a student who
studied at an American University cut
off this loop to show that he was dating
a girl and the girl was meant to wear
the scarf of his college hmm but what
did he do if they split up sewed the
loop map again number two the blue part
of an eraser if you ask someone what is
the blue part of an eraser used for tell
you that it's used to erase pen ink from
paper surprisingly the initial purpose
of this part was different at first it
was meant to erase pencil drawings and
writings from thick paper the red part
could have left stains on the paper the
blue part did the job perfectly so which
side of an eraser you used depended
completely on the type of the paper
later on the manufacturers realized that
the blue part could erase ink they
turned their discovery into a marketing
strategy from that moment on you can
find a picture of a pen on
blue part of some erasers number one the
fifth pocket in jeans
what is this cute little pocket meant
for the most popular suggestion is that
it is meant to carry condoms of course
you can put whatever you want into that
pocket but it was initially meant for a
different purpose the fifth pocket first
appeared in 1873 in Levi's jeans and it
was used to carry a pocket watch even
today this pocket is called the watch
pocket in your catalogs and is measured
specifically to be able to accommodate
the watch of size 16 even the belt loops
are placed in the way convenient for the
ring clip chain of the watch
perhaps they still hope that the fashion
for pocket watches will return if you
have found this video entertaining don't
forget to give us a thumbs up and share
it with your friends and if you want to
see many more useful videos subscribe to
our channel join us on the bright side
[Music]